It's just right
If this is one of his ways of getting close to me
Well, I have to admit, it does have an effect.
It seems that you still have to be vigilant
The Sugar-Coated Cannonball of the Dieter
how
Is the shoe size so suitable?
Can't you do the math?
Then why don't you wear it?
I don't like the shoes I bought. Hi.
Then you can't go into the bullpen with good shoes?
Are you buying these shoes for wearing?
You put it away and put it away, and then you wear the old one.
Then I'll change it back.
Oops, don't change it now, you stink all over
You go take a shower and finish your meal
Dislike me
He should be the man of the sky
But the pair of rubber shoes that have been rubbed are not willing
Hey I said
Fortunately, our cowshed is at the foot of the mountain
It's still a long way from where most people live
I won't let you dig public corners every day
This paragraph could take you there at any time
Open criticism of capitalist habits
Let you do a thought check
If you feel like putting capitalism on its tail
Then don't eat it.
Why don't you wear clothes?
You go get dressed
Aren't I wearing pants?
Ok ok ok ok
Am I used to living alone?
Pay attention next time
The little spy is shy when he sees the man's body
How does this perform the task?